Little touch ups to documentation (#2892)
cortexproject/cortex: docs/blocks-storage/querier.md

- [Metadata cache](#metadata-cache)

> Caching is optional, but **highly recommended** in a production environment. Please check out also the [production tips](./production-tips.md#caching) for more information about to properly configure caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caching is optional, but **highly recommended** in a production environment. Please also check out the [production tips](./production-tips.md#caching) for more information about configuring the cache.
```
